License

Copyright (c) 2018 Arthur Arioli Bergamaschi <arthurbergmz@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating changes
made from the original version.

Any changes, if contested by the community and/or the original author
(Arthur Arioli Bergamaschi), can be removed or altered from your project copy,
or added to the original version. The original author (Arthur Arioli Bergamaschi)
can always take the final decision, but in his absence, the community will
judge the decision democratically.

You give up in any intellectual property related to changes in this project if
the case is the addition of changes made by you to the original version of
this project.

You must always refer to the original version of this project in your copies,
with an URL to the official project repository.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
